Thank you. Miss Liu, you took advantage of me.
I can understand that Miss Liu has this evil intention towards me.
But there’s no need for this. I will be copied on you.
Why were you copied? My money.
I buy people's hearts and clothes for Xie Xie Cheng. Please brake the room again.
Is this okay? If it is inconvenient to take a break from reading,
I can give you a discount on the clothes and room fee.
Do you think this is okay? You think I almost understand.
My company is about to go public. You know right?
So at this time,
Nothing can happen to me and my company.
Especially, when combined with an unknown woman,
Well worth it for me and my company. So what?
Actually, it’s not that there are no other solutions.
sir tonight
As long as it can be done, I will definitely cooperate
Several benefits of marriage
What about after getting married?
I think even if it's a family connection
Xie's family is fine too
Ms. Yang, how could I be here like that?
People like us
I was shocked. Will I be at a disadvantage?
After all, our troops are out of reach
Lou's accessories shop is interested, and so is the Xu's.
Miss Lou, if you are really in trouble
I have considered getting married. When will we meet today?
I can do it by myself today
This is what I should do. Thanks for talking.
Hello, welcome to the home where you gather as soon as you arrive.